Links and Image: Lesson 3 of Interneting is Hard.md (#29536)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/html-foundations/links-and-images.md

1. Watch Kevin Powell's [HTML Links Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsEQgGjSmkM).
1. Watch Kevin Powell's [HTML Images Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xoztJCHpbQ).
1. Watch Kevin Powell's [File Structure Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta3Oxx7Yqbo).

> 1. Follow and Code Along [HTML links and images with Interneting is Hard](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/links-and-images) 

Reviewer: So something like this:

```suggestion
1. Read and code along with Interneting is Hard's article on [Links and Images](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/links-and-images). Pay close attention to the section that covers the four main image formats.
```
